{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2865
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red29\green29\blue29;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;
\red35\green75\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c14902\c14902\c14902;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c100000;
\cssrgb\c18039\c40784\c100000;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\paperw11905\paperh16837\margl1133\margr1133\margb1133\margt1133
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa428\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs64 \cf2 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone Privacy Policy\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf3 Last updated September 21, 2025\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\fs22 \cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs28 \cf3 This Privacy Policy (hereinafter referred to as the Policy) describes how applications and services (collectively, the Software) under the name of Galina Shevchenko collect, use, and share your personal information. The Policy also explains how we protect your data and what personal data rights you have. We encourage you to read the Policy thoroughly and review it periodically to keep yourself updated with changes.\
\
By using the Services, you expresses consent to the terms of the Policy. If you disagrees with the terms of the Policy, the use of the Services must be immediately terminated. If you are below the age of 16, you should ask your parents for permission to use the Software. Please note that the Software must not be used by children under 13 without parental attendance.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa398\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs48 \cf2 What do we mean by \'abpersonal information\'bb?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs28 \cf3 Personal information identifies you (for example, name or phone number) or can be reasonably linked to you as an individual (for example, geolocation, email, or IP address). Any other data that we process is \'abnon-personal information\'bb.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa398\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs48 \cf2 What information do we collect?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs28 \cf3 When you use our mobile applications, we may log a unique installation ID, advertising identifiers, device model, OS version, hardware configuration, IP address, and selected in-app events for debugging and service improvement. These data is processed automatically using third-party automatic data processing technologies to analyse certain information sent by the user's device. \
We do not collect or process special categories of personal data relating to race, ethnicity, political views, religious or philosophical beliefs, or intimate life.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa398\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs48 \cf2 When do we share your information with others?\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs28 \cf2 In some cases, we may share your data with others:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa320\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\cf2 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone When we asked you about it and obtained your consent;\
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\cf2 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone When we delegate data processing to our technology partners (for example, cloud service providers)\
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\cf2 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone When the law requires it (for example, to handle police or court inquiries); or\
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\cf2 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone If our company situation changes (for example, in case of a merger or acquisition), we may pass your information to a successor or affiliate.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa398\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs48 \cf2 What technology partners do we use?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs28 \cf3 We may engage other companies to process your information on our behalf. In this case, we check that appropriate safeguards are in place. Our current technology partners are:\
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa320\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf5 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \up0 \nosupersub \ul \ulc5 Apple}}\cf2 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone  for mobile application analytics\
\ls2\ilvl0\cf5 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://policies.google.com/privacy"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \up0 \nosupersub \ul \ulc5 Google}}\cf2 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone  for mobile application analytics (Firebase)\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa398\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs48 \cf2 What are your privacy rights?\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs28 \cf2 Depending on where you live, the following provisions apply.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa374\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf2 The European Union\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs28 \cf2 According to the law, we act as the data controller. In the case of data transfer outside the European Union, we rely on Standard Contractual Clauses in agreements with our data processors.\
You can request to correct or delete your data, withdraw your consent or restrict data processing, and receive a copy of the personal data we store on you. You also have the right to send a complaint to the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://edpb.europa.eu/about-edpb/about-edpb/members"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \ul \ulc5 data protection authority}} in your country of residence.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa374\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf2 The United States\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs28 \cf2 We acknowledge that we do not sell your personal information and will not discriminate against you for exercising your privacy rights.\
You can request to correct or delete your personal information or reveal facts about the collection, use, disclosure, or sale of your data over the past twelve months. Also, you can opt-out of data collection anytime by deleting the application.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa398\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs48 \cf2 How to contact us?\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs28 \cf2 If you have questions about the Policy or want to exercise your rights, please email us at {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:support.norin.creative@gmail.com"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 support.norin.creative@gmail.com}} or send a postal mail to Shevchenko Galina, 8049, Cyprus, Paphos, Agisilaou 13.\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa398\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs48 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs32 \cf2 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa398\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs48 \cf2 \
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs28 \cf3 \
}