{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2865
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red29\green29\blue29;\red0\green0\blue0;\red38\green38\blue38;
\red35\green75\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c14902\c14902\c14902;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c20000\c20000\c20000;
\cssrgb\c18039\c40784\c100000;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat10\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat20\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat25\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid301\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid4}
{\list\listtemplateid5\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat28\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid401\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid5}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}{\listoverride\listid5\listoverridecount0\ls5}}
\paperw11905\paperh16837\margl1133\margr1133\margb1133\margt1133
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa428\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs64 \cf2 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone Terms of Service\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\fs22 \cf3 Last updated September 21, 2025\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa500\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs28 \cf4 This document is a license agreement for the use of software products and/or online-services of the Shevchenko Galina developer (hereinafter - the Copyright holder, the Developer), and is an offer to the user to come to an agreement on the conditions set out below.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa500\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf4 Eligibility\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa500\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs28 \cf4 You must be an individual who is at least 13 years old to use our Software (or such greater age required in your country for you to be authorized to use our Software without parental approval). In addition to being of the minimum required age to use our Software under applicable law, if you are not old enough to have the authority to agree to these Terms in your country, your parent or guardian must agree to the Terms on your behalf.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf2 Privacy\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs28 \cf2 We process information about you under our Privacy Policy, published at \cf5 \ul \ulc5 (link to privacy)\cf2 \ulnone  and incorporated in these Terms by reference. Accepting the Terms, you acknowledge that you have read and understood the Privacy Policy.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa428\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs48 \cf2 Software License\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs28 \cf2 This end-user software license governs your download and use of the executable code for the Software, including any subsequent updates or upgrades.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa320\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone {\listtext	1.	}\cf2 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone We grant you a personal, limited, fully revocable, non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-sublicensable license to use the executable code of the Software for your own personal, non-commercial purposes solely as installed on your mobile devices. You may only use the Software as expressly authorized in these Terms.\
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone {\listtext	2.	}\cf2 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone Unless expressly permitted by law, you may not copy, decompile, reverse engineer, disassemble, attempt to derive the source code of, modify, or create derivative works of the Software. You may not remove, obscure, or alter any copyright notice or other proprietary rights notices affixed to or contained within the Software. You may not separate the component programs of the Software for use on different computers or sublicense, lease, rent, loan, or distribute the Software to any third party. You may not permit, direct or authorize any third party to take any action with respect to the Software which is inconsistent with the Terms.\
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone {\listtext	3.	}\cf2 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone You acknowledge and agree that the Software contains our valuable intellectual property, including its content, sequence, structure, organization, source code, and applicable documentation.\
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone {\listtext	4.	}\cf2 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone The Software is licensed and not sold to you, and no title or ownership to such Software or the intellectual property rights embodied therein is granted to you. The Software is our exclusive property, and all rights in and to the Software not expressly granted to you in the Terms are reserved. You acknowledge and agree that any actual or threatened breach of these Terms will constitute immediate, irreparable harm to us for which monetary damages would be an inadequate remedy and that injunctive relief is an appropriate remedy for any such breach or violation.\
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone {\listtext	5.	}\cf2 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone The Software contains software components provided by third parties. Third-party software, particularly open-source software, may be subject to separate license terms, available at: \cf5 \ul \ulc5 (\uc0\u1089 \u1089 \u1099 \u1083 \u1082 \u1072  \u1085 \u1072  \u1076 \u1086 \u1082 \u1091 \u1084 \u1077 \u1085 \u1090  \u1089 \u1086  \u1089 \u1090 \u1086 \u1088 \u1086 \u1085 \u1085 \u1080 \u1084 \u1080  \u1073 \u1080 \u1073 \u1083 \u1080 \u1086 \u1090 \u1077 \u1082 \u1072 \u1084 \u1080 )\cf2 \ulnone . We shall not be responsible for any such third-party software, and these Terms do not apply to third-party software to the extent they are inconsistent with their licenses.\
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone {\listtext	6.	}\cf2 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone Your license to use the Software terminates if you breach these Terms. The Terms will commence upon downloading the Software and continue perpetually unless terminated earlier. These Terms will immediately terminate upon your breach of any of the terms or conditions herein. Upon the termination, you will stop using and promptly uninstall the Software, and, upon request from us, certify in writing that such destruction has occurred. These remedies are cumulative and in addition to any other remedies available.\
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone {\listtext	7.	}\cf2 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS," AND WE DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES CONCERNING THE SOFTWARE, WHETHER EXPRESSED, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR USE, SATISFACTORY QUALITY, OR QUIET ENJOYMENT. WE DO NOT WARRANT THAT THE SOFTWARE USE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE OR THE SOFTWARE DOES NOT CONTAIN ANY VIRUSES. THIS WARRANTY DISCLAIMER IS A FUNDAMENTAL ELEMENT OF THE BASIS OF THE DEAL BETWEEN YOU AND US. WE WOULD NOT PROVIDE THE SOFTWARE ABSENT SUCH A DISCLAIMER. IF YOU ARE DISSATISFIED WITH ANY PORTION OF THE SOFTWARE OR WITH ANY OF THESE TERMS, YOUR SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDY IS TO DISCONTINUE USING THE SOFTWARE.\
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone {\listtext	8.	}\cf2 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone IN NO EVENT SHALL WE OR OUR AFFILIATES BE LIABLE FOR ANY INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, OR INDIRECT DAMAGES OF ANY KIND (INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION DAMAGES FOR INTERRUPTION OF BUSINESS, LOST DATA, LOST PROFITS, OR THE LIKE) REGARDLESS OF THE FORM OF ACTION, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION NEGLIGENCE), PRODUCT LIABILITY, OR OTHER THEORY, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. IN NO EVENT WILL OUR CUMULATIVE LIABILITY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THIS AGREEMENT EXCEED THE AMOUNT PAID TO US IN RESPECT OF THE SOFTWARE GIVING RISE TO THE CLAIM OR, IF NO FEES WERE PAID, THEN ONE HUNDRED GREAT BRITISH POUNDS. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, SO THE FOREGOING EXCLUSION AND LIMITATION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. THIS LIMITATION OF LIABILITY WILL APPLY NOTWITHSTANDING THE FAILURE OF THE ESSENTIAL PURPOSE OF ANY LIMITED REMEDY SET FORTH HEREIN. THIS LIMITATION OF LIABILITY IS A FUNDAMENTAL ELEMENT OF THE BASIS OF THE DEAL BETWEEN YOU AND US. WE WOULD NOT PROVIDE THE SOFTWARE TO YOU ABSENT SUCH LIMITATION.\
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone {\listtext	9.	}\cf2 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone You acknowledge and agree that the Software may contain technologies, the export of which may be restricted under applicable export control law. You will comply with all applicable laws and regulations in your activities with regard to the Software. You will not export or re-export the Software in violation of such laws or regulations or without all required licenses and authorizations. You may not assign or transfer this contract without obtaining our prior written consent, and any purported assignment or transfer violating this restriction will be null and void.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa428\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs48 \cf2 Terms of Service\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa320\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs28 \cf2 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone {\listtext	10.	}\cf2 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone By using the Software, you agree to be a responsible user:\uc0\u8232 a. You will not interfere with or disrupt the Software or the servers or networks connected to the Software or take any action that imposes, or may impose at our sole discretion, an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on our infrastructure.\u8232 b. You will not cause or aid in the destruction, manipulation, removal, disabling, or impairment of any portion of our Software, including the de-indexing or de-caching of any part of the Software from a thirty party's website, such as by requesting its removal from a search engine.\u8232 c. You will not sell, resell, rent, or charge for our Software.\u8232 d. You will not copy, distribute or disclose any part of the Software in any medium without limitation by any automated or non-automated scraping.\u8232 e. You will not provide hyperlinks, URL links, graphic links, or other direct connections to our Software for profit or gain or assist any third party in doing any of the foregoing.\u8232 f. You will not provide, submit or post any hyperlinks, URL links, graphic links, or other links or references to any resources containing data, information, or other content prohibited herein.\
\ls2\ilvl0\cf2 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone {\listtext	11.	}\cf2 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone You agree that you will not use the Software for any purpose that is unlawful or prohibited by these Terms. You agree to follow all applicable local, state, national, and international laws and regulations. You are solely responsible for all acts or omissions while using any Software.\
\ls2\ilvl0\cf2 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone {\listtext	12.	}\cf2 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone You agree that any legal remedy or liability you seek resulting from actions or omissions of other users or third parties will be limited to a claim against the particular users or third parties who caused you harm. You agree not to attempt to impose liability on or seek any legal remedy from us for such actions or omissions.\
\ls2\ilvl0\cf2 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone {\listtext	13.	}\cf2 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone You agree that you will not upload, transfer, or otherwise make available images, audio-, video-, source- and binary- files,, or other information that violates any third party's rights, including their intellectual property rights.\
\ls2\ilvl0\cf2 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone {\listtext	14.	}\cf2 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone You acknowledge that information of any kind presented to you via the Software may be protected by copyright, trademark, patent, or other proprietary rights and laws. You agree not to violate these laws or infringe these rights in any way.\
\ls2\ilvl0\cf2 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone {\listtext	15.	}\cf2 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone We shall have the right to use your suggestions on improving or adding new features to the Software without any compensation or credit to you.\
\ls2\ilvl0\cf2 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone {\listtext	16.	}\cf2 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone The Software may contain links to other websites, as well as articles, photographs, text, graphics, pictures, designs, music, sound, video, information, applications, software, and other content or items belonging to or originating from third parties. We have no control over and responsibility for third-party sites or third-party content. Linking to third-party sites or using third-party content does not imply our approval or endorsement.\
\ls2\ilvl0\cf2 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone {\listtext	17.	}\cf2 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone We provide the Software without any warranties or guarantees.\uc0\u8232 a. We do not guarantee that your use of the Software will be problem free. Although we work hard to provide the highest quality software and services, we cannot and do not guarantee that they will work perfectly every time or in every respect.\u8232 b. We disclaim all warranties and conditions about the Software, including all implied warranties and conditions of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, title, and non-infringement.\u8232 c. We do not represent or warrant that the Software will be uninterrupted or error-free, that defects will be corrected, or that the Service is free of viruses or other harmful components.\
\ls2\ilvl0\cf2 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone {\listtext	18.	}\cf2 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone We reserve the right at any time to modify or discontinue the Software and to terminate your access to the Software, with or without notice. We reserve the right to limit the availability of the Software in any country where you reside. You agree that we shall not be liable to you or any third party for any modification, suspension, or discontinuance of the Software.\
\ls2\ilvl0\cf2 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone {\listtext	19.	}\cf2 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone We are not responsible for any damages you may incur due to your use of the Software.\uc0\u8232 a. You agree to indemnify and hold our company, its parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, officers, and employees harmless from any claim, demand, or damage, including reasonable attorneys' fees, asserted by any third party due to or arising out of your use of or conduct on the Software.\u8232 b. In no event shall we be liable for any direct, indirect, punitive, incidental, special, consequential damages, or any damages whatsoever, including, without limitation, damages for loss of use, data, or profits, arising out of or in any way connected with the use or performance of the Software, with the delay or inability to use the Software, the provision of or failure to provide any Software, or for any information, software, products, services, and related graphics obtained through the Software, or otherwise arising out of the use of the Software, whether based on contract, tort, negligence, strict liability, or otherwise, even if we have been advised of the possibility of damages. Because some states/jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion or limitation of liability for consequential or incidental damages, the above limitation may not apply in every instance. If you are dissatisfied with any portion of the Software or with any of these Terms, your sole and exclusive remedy will be to discontinue using the Software.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa428\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs48 \cf2 Fees and Payments\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs28 \cf2 Our affiliated companies or the developer may charge you for the Software and its premium features.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa320\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0\cf2 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone {\listtext	20.	}\cf2 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone You are responsible for all carrier data plans, fees, and taxes associated with using our Software.\
\ls3\ilvl0\cf2 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone {\listtext	21.	}\cf2 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone In-app purchase payment will be processed through the App Store from which you originally downloaded the Software. Each feature is offered as a subscription and will be re-billed automatically every subscription period until you cancel it. You must cancel this subscription at least 24 hours before it renews to avoid the fees for the next period. You can cancel the subscription at any time. You acknowledge and agree that all billing and transaction processes are handled by App Store and are governed by their respective Terms. You should contact App Store directly if you have any payment-related issues with in-app purchases.\
\ls3\ilvl0\cf2 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone {\listtext	22.	}\cf2 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone All payments made for "in-app" purchases are non-refundable and non-transferable.\
\ls3\ilvl0\cf2 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone {\listtext	23.	}\cf2 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone In our sole discretion, we may change this policy by notifying you on our Software and begin charging for access to our Software and other features and services. In our sole discretion, we may add, remove or change the features and services we offer or the fees (including the amount or the type of fees) we charge at any time. If we introduce a new service or charge a new fee, we will notify you of the fees for that service at the launch or start charging a new fee before you use the functionality related to the new fee. If we notify you of new fees or change the prices for an existing service, you agree to pay all charges specified and all applicable taxes for your continued use of the service. We are not responsible for the existence of the operational capability to process payments by App Store, or third-party payment systems, as well as for any charges or expenses you incur resulting from making any payments being billed by us following these Terms (e.g., overdrawn accounts, exceeding account limits, etc.).\
\ls3\ilvl0\cf2 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone {\listtext	24.	}\cf2 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone If we begin charging fees for our Software, you will be required to pay for such fees using your credit card or another payment option offered to you for making in-app purchases. You agree that we may charge you the amount listed at the time of purchase. Please be aware that third-party payment processors may process and store your payment information.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa428\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs64 \cf2 Final Provisions\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs28 \cf2 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone {\listtext	25.	}
\f2 \cf4 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone This Terms, the procedure for its conclusion and execution, as well as issues not regulated by this Terms is governed by current legislation.\
\ls4\ilvl0
\f1 \cf2 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone {\listtext	26.	}
\f2 \cf4 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone All disputes under the Terms or in connection with it are subject to consideration in state court at the location of the Copyright holder in accordance with applicable procedural and substantive law.\
\ls4\ilvl0
\f1 \cf2 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone {\listtext	27.	}
\f2 \cf4 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone This Terms may be amended or terminated by the Copyright holder unilaterally without prior notice to the User and without payment of any compensation in this regard.\
\pard\tx220\tx791\pardeftab720\li791\fi-792\sa320\partightenfactor0
\ls5\ilvl0
\f1 \cf2 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone {\listtext	28.	}\cf2 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone Any questions about pricing, complaints, or inquiries about our company must be sent to {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:support.norin.creative@gmail.com"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \ul \ulc5 support.norin.creative@gmail.com}}.\
\ls5\ilvl0\cf2 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone {\listtext	29.	}\cf2 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone The communications between you and our company use electronic means, whether you visit the Software or send us emails or whether we post notices on the Software or communicate with you via email. For contractual purposes:\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0
\cf2 a. You consent to receive communications from us in an electronic form;\
	b. You agree that all terms, conditions, agreements, notices, disclosures, and other communications we provide to you electronically satisfy any legal requirement that such communications would satisfy if they were to be in writing. The preceding does not affect your statutory rights.}